# Troubleshooting

Here are some of the most common issues you might encounter when using a Skywallet and the best possible resolutions for troubleshooting these issues. 

If you do not find a resolution for your issue, make sure you contact the support team via - **[store.skycoin.com/pages/support](https://store.skycoin.com/pages/support)**.

## 1. Lost/Stolen Skywallet

If your Skywallet is lost or stolen, the recommended solution is to **get a new one** as soon as possible. 

Once you got the new Skywallet, restore the coins using the Seed of your old Skywallet.

Even though **not a recommended** method, as an immediate solution, you can also create a new Desktop Wallet to restore the lost Skywallet.

This method is not recommended and should only be used if you cannot get a new Skywallet, as entering the Seed of your Skywallet into any electronic device could potentially compromise the security of the Seed of your Skywallet and hence putting your coins at risk.

**NOTE - If you are opting for this solution, note that this is a temporary solution, and it is always recommended that you transfer your coins (not restore the backup of the old Skywallet) to a new Skywallet as soon as you obtain one.  
Also, it is vital that you configure your new Skywallet as a new one with a new Seed and not restore the backup of your old Skywallet if the Seed has already been entered in your Desktop Wallet.**

## 2. Lost the PIN code of Your Skywallet

If you have forgotten or lost the PIN code to your Skywallet **then the only way to retrieve your funds is using your Seed**.

You can use the Seed of your Skywallet to **Wipe the Device** and then restore the device using the same Seed.

The wiped device will not have a PIN code set, and it is recommended that you immediately set a PIN code that is easy to remember but at the same time not easy to guess.

You can visit the following chapter to know more about setting a PIN and the security recommendations for your Skywallet - **[Optimize account security](https://github.com/SkycoinProject/User-Manuals/blob/master/Skywallet/7.%20Optimizing%20the%20Security%20of%20your%20Skywallet.md).**

## 3. Too Many Transactions Issue

When you try to send coins to a Wallet and if the particular transaction has too many inputs or outputs, then an error message will be displayed upon pressing the "Preview" button or the "Send" button.

To still transfer your funds, you can split up your transaction into multiple transactions and then send the coins.

**Note - This issue will be fixed in a future update.**

**NOTE 1 - You may also note that if you are not using the Skywallet for a few minutes the Wallet will automatically shut down and the display would become blank.  
However, disconnecting and reconnecting the Skywallet resolves the issue.**

**NOTE 2 - Another common issue is when in the Desktop Wallet window it says the Wallet is not connected despite it being connected.  
In such cases, the issue might be a loose connection of the USB cable, and the same can be resolved by ensuring that the connection is solid and the USB cable does not wiggle back and forth.**
